[[Flint]]’s industrial docks—with their unusual conflux of peasant workers, educated engineers, and constantly-arriving refugees from the wars in the border states between [Danor](https://zeitgeist-age-of-enlightenment.tiddlyhost.com/#Danor) and [Drakr](https://zeitgeist-age-of-enlightenment.tiddlyhost.com/#Drakr)—have in the past decade given birth to an unorthodox social movement. Graffiti artists brighten soot-cloaked warehouses with colorful murals and boastful self-portraits. Dancers and musicians bolster moods in breezy bars, while amateur philosophers giddy on fey pepper entertain drunken teamsters with humorous moral puzzles that often mock public figures.

Occasionally these popular artists, called dockers, get it in their heads to start a riot or get a tad too precise with their criticism. The dockers and the city police have each taken their hits in these confrontations, and tensions grow higher with every accidental death, but for now [Roland Stanfield](https://zeitgeist-age-of-enlightenment.tiddlyhost.com/#Roland%20Stanfield), the city governor of Flint, seems to have a soft spot for these tepid anarchists.

The docker spirit is not limited just to those who perform in public, but extends to anyone who suffers through hard work and low wages, yet can still appreciate intelligent art for its sublime beauty. The worse conditions get for the workers in Flint, though, the more they turn to dockers for relief from their fatigue. When things get heated, every good docker needs to be able to handle himself in a scrap.

Sometimes a docker gets in over his head, and with a little help from sympathetic bar owners or police officers he’ll drop out of the scene and find a new safer career. In this way, the docker movement has spread to pockets of the city slums and even out to the surrounding farmlands. One popular song on the docks even tells of a graffiti artist who fled to [Crisillyir](https://zeitgeist-age-of-enlightenment.tiddlyhost.com/#Crisillyir) and is now painting cathedrals with subversive interpretations of the Clergy’s doctrines.